Hi, in this video I will be showing you
the new edit tool. Everything I will be
doing in this video is part of the free
tier. So if you want to try it out, I
will leave a link in the comments. I
will start off by generating a character
real quick. I'll be using uh create
medium extra-large image for this.
And I'm using camera view none and
direction none so that the model has a
better chance of understanding that I
want like a portrait.
Uh this is because when the model was
trained
uh we usually use uh camera view and
direction for characters and not just
like portraits and stuff.
All right. Now, once we have our
character ready, let's jump over to edit
image, which you will find in the
submen, create image.
When using the edit image tool, you want
to describe an action. So, for example,
give her the character a hat or change
facial expression to smiling. So, let's
start off by trying that out.
You can also do different things like uh
changing
uh the hair color. Here I misspel it a
bit. So I ask us for change her color
from like dark to blonde but it would
been better to mention the hair like um
yeah I want to edit the hair as well.
But thankfully the model is uh smart
enough to know what I mean.
And of course uh you can do other
expressions as well. You can for example
most likely do all the expressions or
mouth movements you need for uh voice.
So that's something you maybe should
make a different tool for. So it's you
get everything at once.
But yeah, it's quite fun to play around
with and I think you can do a lot of
cool stuff with it.
And uh if you're not too happy, you can
always uh try again. See if you get
something you like more.
And now I wanted to experiment a bit and
see if I could extend the character so I
could get the lower part of the body. So
I'm asking for uh
uh the rest of the character. Of course,
I should have mentioned the feet or
something.
So I only got the upper body. So here in
my next attempt, I'm going to use this
uh and also ask for the legs.
And I tried once without proportional
and it made it very squished. And this
way instead I got the a full character
that was uh pretty well proportions
instead of just having very short legs.
And you can use uh reduce colors to
remove some of the artifacts. Here I'm
just adding increasing a bit checking
how many colors there were. Then you can
just quickly clean it up if you want to.
All right.
And for the next part of the video, I
will be using Pixarama instead cuz I got
requested on YouTube.
So, if you click on the the sizes at the
top, you can change the size of the
canvas. And here I want to show you how
you can edit the sceneries.
So, I'm thinking let's do a lake with
mountains in the background and a pagod
under the mountains.
I thought this one was a bit blank. So,
I'm just going to increase the details
there and try again.
All right. Now, let's get into the
editing part. So, we close this. It's in
create image and you find it there. Edit
image beta. And here uh I want to show
you how you can like change the uh
season
of your image,
but you can also use it to like change
it to to the night to the morning and
different seasons and stuff. It's pretty
cool. So, let's start off with making it
autumn instead.
the sizes you can edit on. If you're
free tier or tier one, it's 320 by 320.
And if you're tier 2, right now it's 400
by 400.
Uh here I'm just uh changing the number
of colors to see if uh one looks better
than the other.
All right, let's now try making it
winter instead. And I'm also adding that
I want uh snow.
It's uh good to be quite specific and uh
don't and like have a long text
description. Uh, I think that's usually
quite good, but you want to make sure
that you're like using instructions and
telling what what you want to have
changed. I also found it to be good to
do things like iteratively.
So, it's not always best to do like
everything at once, but instead doing
small changes and uh yeah, work
iteratively on the image.
And now here I want to show how it
performs on like smaller images.
So for the first test I'm going to do
64x 64
uh using create medium extra large image
pixel.
And let's do um
a knight on a horse.
Sidescroller
facing east.
Yeah. All right. Here we have a knight
on a horse. But let's uh make it better.
So, let's go into uh edit image.
And one thing I noticed, we got a white
background. So let's add one in using
edit image.
So let's add
a scenery in the background with
mountains.
And let's also try changing the horse to
be a black horse instead.
I haven't really experimented that much
yet with the tool. So, I think you can
do much better as you go along and learn
how to uh use it efficiently.
But it's uh working out well for now,
for me at least. And okay, now let's do
32x 32. So, you want to click the uh top
thing to make uh create a new canvas.
And let's create a cat.
And like directions and views is like
lightly guiding. So it's not forced. So
in this case, she's looking west. So
let's just go up here and flip it.
So we mirror the image.
And now let's uh try changing it using
the edit tool. So here I'm thinking
let's uh make it a brown cat instead.
And as you can see in the bottom,
there's like a warning that it's not as
good on like smaller images, but
especially for like changing colors and
stuff, I think it's it does very well.
But when it comes to like doing uh like
adding items and stuff, it can be a bit
worse, but it's definitely worth uh
trying out.
And in some cases, you might want to
like increase the canvas size. And here
I'm asking for a dark gray cat just to
show you guys.
But yeah, so now that we have seen it
can do quadripedals, let's see if it can
do
humanoids as well. So first I'm just
going to generate a character using uh
create S2M image.
Let's do a cute woman wearing a peasant
outfit.
That should be fine.
All right.
Now that we have our character, we can
go back to the edit tool and let's start
off uh small
and try changing her hair to uh black.
All right, that went uh quite well. So
now let's try making her outfit green
instead.
And I think like one of the powerful
things with this is like you can get a
pretty good init image as well for the
other tools. So even if it is not
perfect, you can still like um use it
for the
for the other tools to fix. But yeah,
let's uh also make it the uh the girl
with the back hair. So she looks kind of
like the uh the girl from that uh
cartoon.
But yeah, nice. There you have it. Uh,
thank you guys for watching and I will
see you in the next video.